update blog to include ff information (#2531)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2023/03/why-should-you-use-node-red-function-nodes.md

5. **Compatibility:** Standard Node-RED nodes are usually compatible with all versions of Node-RED, making it easier to migrate flows between different environments.

## How to Easily Create Function Nodes in FlowFuse

> FlowFuse offers a robust platform for building, scaling, and securing your Node-RED applications. It is utilized by companies in various fields, including manufacturing, automotive, building management, and textiles, for efficient monitoring and control of their edge devices with Node-RED. For more information, refer to our [customer stories](/customer-stories/), where some of our clients share how FlowFuse has transformed their operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FlowFuse offers a robust platform for building, scaling, and securing your Node-RED applications.

> To continuously enhance the FlowFuse and Node-RED user experience, FlowFuse has recently introduced a new feature: the **"FlowFuse Assistant."** This AI-powered tool simplifies the creation of Function nodes. You only need to provide a prompt, and the assistant generates the Function nodes for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are constantly adding new features to make it easy to use in the enterprise where you can rapidly improve your industrial processes. The **"FlowFuse Assistant."** for example is an AI-powered tool that simplifies the creation of Function nodes. You only need to provide a prompt, and the assistant generates the Function nodes for you.
```

> For more details on using the FlowFuse Assistant, visit [FlowFuse Documentation](https://flowfuse.com/docs/user/assistant/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details on using the FlowFuse Assistant, visit [the Assistants Documentation](/docs/user/assistant/).
```
